MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

This Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into between the Disclosing Party and the Receiving Party as of the Effective Date.

1. Definitions. "Confidential Information" means any non-public information disclosed by one party to the other, whether orally, in writing, or by any other means, that is designated as confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances of disclosure.

2. Confidentiality Obligation. The Receiving Party shall hold the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information in strict confidence and shall not disclose such Confidential Information to any third party without the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party. The Receiving Party shall protect the Confidential Information using at least the same degree of care it uses to protect its own confidential information, and in no event less than a reasonable degree of care.

3. Term. The obligations of confidentiality under this Agreement shall remain in effect for a period of five (5) years from the date of disclosure of the Confidential Information.

4. Return of Materials. Upon the written request of the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party shall promptly return or destroy all materials containing Confidential Information and shall certify in writing that it has done so.

5. No License. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as granting to the Receiving Party any license or right, by implication or otherwise, in or to the Confidential Information, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.

6. Remedies and Injunctive Relief. The Receiving Party acknowledges that any breach of this Agreement may cause irreparable harm to the Disclosing Party for which monetary damages would be an inadequate remedy, and that the Disclosing Party shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief in addition to any other remedies available at law or in equity.

7. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.

8. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, understandings, and communications, whether written or oral.
